I'd like to see who is so brave
Up the corner and up on my head
Lei Shao Lei Shao
Yu Shao, I can't afford the name Lei Shao
Our Lei family is demonstrating?
Lifetime Lei Shao
Can't afford it
From now on, Mr. Qin will call me consistent
Hey, hey, hey.
Lei Shao, you are joking
The Lei family has been the first family in Magic City for hundreds of years
It can be seen that the foundation is strong
Far from what we can compare to in these places
Ah, Mr. Qin
Which one are you sad about?
The Qin family and the Lei family are aristocratic families
I, Qin, still have self-awareness of this
You are joking
Self-aware
Why didn't I tell you when I woke up?
Do you have ID?
Don't get me wrong
My sister just woke up today
I just went out too.
That's a little novel.
Here's the thing.
You are the one who lives with my fiancee
Food and clothing report
Stinky labor prisoner
Lei Shao, you and I used to have no marriage
It's all you and me
Besides, you always change your identity
I only hold the desire of Tianzhu for a good wife
Ok ok no
My Lei family Xiangyun made an appointment with the Qin family
Is it worth more than a fake marriage certificate?
As expected of the little Qin family
Thunder less thunder less thunder less thunder less
Don't mistake my sister's marriage contract with Forestry
Our Qin family white people
I'm sending him away now.
This is the kind of money you've never seen in your life
As your master
Our Qin family doesn't owe you